hello again my next guest a talented
young comedian from Arizona making his
very first appearance on The Tonight
Show which is always cool he'll be
appearing at The Improv in Tempe Arizona
June 6th through the 9th please welcome
Pablo Francisco
what's up everybody my name is Pablo
Francisco I am let's say not even look
like a polyester so it told me today do
team or even look like a pod room we
look like a Bobby use you speak Spanish
I'm gonna in Spanish again because my
parents brought me up to learn English
so I asked my dad go how can I learn
better Spanish like this into Spanish
video that helps but your listen like
girls in Spanish radio all the DJ sound
like Dracula or la Roman so it's a
mutual threat people also dr. Watson
Spanish le what's the Spanish Channel
like the Spanish soap operas oh so funny
because you know the women are very
beautiful and they never cry it's always
the men who cry you know is it true they
calls every Spanish over they come home
buddy huh buddy huh
Maria Maria Maria
Fernando amigo is a coochie coochie
no porque okay money now I just stick to
the movies watch movement
[Applause]
the movie saw spider-man but you know
and I've got moving one reason you know
I go for the previews the previous of
the best year with here the previous guy
who are you ready one man one decision
one desire the action the desire that's
what you know I met the guy in real life
he really talks like that he's like hi
Pablo nice to meet you my name is Don Ho
Lee Soo man with little kids with a feel
I'm not that DIY anything I think about
the only thing that guy could do for a
living you know he couldn't be like a
mechanic or anything hey how much for
that transmission on our methyl a
[Music]
alright now we'll go to - lets go to -
write-ups no no you always the thing
about house built anything else about
that but you know there's one thing I
like about the movie previous guy can do
anything speak Morgan Freeman Keanu
Reeves they knew too much we know too
much
and when far we went too far
sudden went too far you can take any
topic regardless what it is and make it
cold that boys in the city you must
fight to survive
he sold tortillas on the corner and my
mom wanted in I don't know this guy is
when when he Minister Tina's one chance
and his chance was the fight back Arnold
Schwarzenegger - listen to me
these are nine theaters in a macro think
of a nightmare doctor get out of here
[Applause]
double the action triple the excitement
get down more excitement get down again
day to the know who we were
missile cordless minnow camera what do
they want listen to me
have to keep your head down the trying
to take my toothpick what desire
honestly this summer is no little
tortilla boy thank you very much
everybody
[Applause]